---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "rgw_user Resource - terraform-provider-rgw"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Ceph RGW User
---

# rgw_user (Resource)

Ceph RGW User



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `display_name` (String) Display Name of user
- `username` (String) The user ID to be created (without tenant).

### Optional

- `bucket_quota` (Attributes) Bucket quota settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bucket_quota))
- `caps` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--caps))
- `email` (String) The email address associated with the user.
- `exclusive_s3_credentials` (Boolean) Specify how to deal with s3 credentials for this user not managed by this resource. Set to `true` to delete all other s3 credentials. Set to `false` to ignore other credentials.
- `generate_s3_credentials` (Boolean) Specify whether to generate S3 Credentials for the user. Set to false to generate swift keys via rgw_subuser.
- `max_buckets` (Number) Specify the maximum number of buckets the user can own.
- `op_mask` (String) The op-mask of the user
- `purge_data_on_delete` (Boolean) Purge user data on deletion
- `suspended` (Boolean) Specify whether the user should be suspended.
- `tenant` (String) The tenant under which a user is a part of.
- `user_quota` (Attributes) User quota settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_quota))

### Read-Only

- `access_key` (String) The generated access key
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `principal` (String) Computed principal to be used in policies
- `secret_key` (String) The generated secret key

<a id="nestedatt--bucket_quota"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bucket_quota`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable bucket quota

Optional:

- `max_objects` (Number) Maximum number of objects. If not set or -1, it means unlimited.
- `max_size_kb` (Number) Maximum size in KB. If not set or -1, it means unlimited.


<a id="nestedatt--caps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `caps`

Required:

- `perm` (String)
- `type` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--user_quota"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_quota`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable user quota

Optional:

- `max_objects` (Number) Maximum number of objects. If not set or -1, it means unlimited.
- `max_size_kb` (Number) Maximum size in KB. If not set or -1, it means unlimited.


